It's really come on that for example when you have something like this online store the client doesn't
have any image to display.
So let's see how you can add a placeholder image in case that the the owner of the store doesn't as
much.
So I'm going to click it on products and I'm going to have new Ankita on going up and my brother at
least look for the essential oils right here we have this title essentially what do when I copy and
paste right here then we're going to copy these in the description.
They get on the product description as well.
What are these and what are to be a new category called essential.
All yours.
And I think what the here we're going at a price you can see we have 50 years or even at 50 what are
going to we're not going to add the metric here or when actually publish.
And you're going up in the front end and we don't.
So you can see that there were just as these emerge which in my opinion looks really weird.
It's like a or something or four.
I can.
So let's say for example there's is no match to the JPEG.
We're going to display the law where the user doesn't have a feature image.
So we're going up in a commerce Web site to be content.
Teams aren't as bad LMG and I'm going to copy this page right here.
So next we're going to open up a door in Oregon to another common display place called there the match
when feature match is added and what are going on a function what are going to call these when Caterina's
underscore no feature match.
I think we're going to have that filter right here.
I feel that.
And we're going to use all comers.
This is the name of the commercial placeholder.
I am yes or see maybe you are asking where are you getting these values.
Well all these values exist on the commander's blue.
They call them like this and all of these are a collection of the most common hooks that my clients
ask when I'm developing an online store.
So that's why I know how they are go.
And what is going to us right here the image you read and remember that you can pass whatever it is
that you won and the name will work.
And then let it go.
So for example I'm not sure what I'm going to go Bre echo Bre and what are going to buy up these emet
you rather bearable.
So you can save these and reload again and you can see we are using the place called the rematch right
here and is printing that image to match with the icons.
So we're going to change that.
We don't have a measure of red right here.
This is going to be equals to get it stat sheet directory.
You are right.
This is the current theme.
Then we need glasses this fall that we're gonna adopt the concatenate the value G.
Then we're going to use.
Now imagine that JP and we're going to return the at around.
So now you can save these and are no different in and you can see that we have got to win this battle
right here.
So pretend that the client doesn't have any match.
This one is going to be this play.
And that's looking nice.
I think.